[ESQL] Update docs on unmapped_fields with NULLIFY/LOAD to match 9.5 behavior (#154300)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/query-languages/esql/_snippets/generated/x-pack-esql/commands/settings/unmapped_fields.md

```{applies_to}
serverless: ga
stack: ga 9.5+, preview =9.3
```
Determines how unmapped fields are treated.
For a conceptual overview and use cases, including performance considerations, refer to
[Unmapped fields](/reference/query-languages/esql/esql-unmapped-fields.md).

Possible values are:

- `DEFAULT` : Standard ESQL queries fail when referencing unmapped fields.
- `NULLIFY` : Treats referenced unmapped fields as null values. Fully unmapped fields that are never mentioned do not appear in the output.
- `LOAD` : Loads referenced fully unmapped fields from the stored [`_source`](/reference/elasticsearch/mapping-reference/mapping-source-field.md)
with type `keyword`. Or nullifies them if absent from `_source`. Also loads partially mapped fields from `_source` where they are unmapped.
{applies_to}`stack: preview =9.4, ga 9.5+`

[`PROMQL`](/reference/query-languages/esql/commands/promql.md) queries have their own specific semantics for unmapped fields.

Special notes about the `LOAD` option:
- [`PROMQL`](/reference/query-languages/esql/commands/promql.md) is not supported with `LOAD`.
- Referencing subfields of `flattened` parents is not supported.

> - [Full-text search functions](/reference/query-languages/esql/functions-operators/search-functions.md) are supported.

Reviewer: nit: but they cannot search unmapped fields, yet (otherwise this looks a little misleading)

Author: Done.

  {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5+`
  - Full-text search functions are not supported anywhere in the query. {applies_to}`stack: preview =9.4`
- Partially unmapped non-`keyword` fields can be used in expressions. If the field is mapped to a single type and there's an
  available conversion from `keyword` to that type, the implicit conversion is applied. If there's no available conversion
  (for example `text`, `aggregate_metric_double`, or `dense_vector`), and an explicit one has not been provided by the user,

>   values remain typed where mapped and are `null` for rows from indices where the field is unmapped.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
  values retain the mapped type but are `null` for rows from indices where the field is unmapped.
```
